vagrant-status: update verbiage to clarify command scope (#19036)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/vagrant-status.md

# vagrant status

> Display the state of the machine/s in the current Vagrant environment.
> See also: `vagrant`.
> More information: <https://developer.hashicorp.com/vagrant/docs/cli/status>.

> - View status of the machine/s in the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View status of the machines in the current directory:
```
